README.md, before:

# ESPN NFL Data Fetcher

Very early custom datapoint fetching utility which implements the [ESPN Fantasy Football API](http://espn-fantasy-football-api.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/).

## TODOS

1. Exporting to CSV or other useful format

    ~~Optimal roster score using historical lineups~~

    ~~Total roster score including bench using historical lineups~~

    ~~Remove API server portion and make command line utility (CLI) instead~~

## Current Abilities

1. Pull histories by league/season combinations and store into seasons.json output
2. Merge team data from the same week into matchup results
3. Calculate optimal points and lineups in each matchup
4. Calculate total roster points (including bench)
5. Load from pre-existing seasons.json file

## How to Use

1. Download the contents of this repository into a directory of your choosing.
2. Copy the `.env-template` file and rename it to `.env` in the root directory (where `index.js` is).
3. Inside `.env`, update the `espnS2` value to match the cookie of the same name when you're logged in at ESPN.com. Do the same for the `SWID`.
4. Make sure you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and NPM installed on your machine.
5. In a command prompt (terminal) window, navigate to the directory with the contents of this repository (ex. `cd C:/my/folder/with/this/repository`). Run `npm install` in this directory.
6. Once all of the dependencies finish installing, you can run `node index` to start the program. You can type `help` (or just press enter) to list all available commands.

Commit message:

add CSV exports for summary and matchups, log commands on start

README.md, after:

# ESPN NFL Data Fetcher

Very early custom datapoint fetching utility which implements the [ESPN Fantasy Football API](http://espn-fantasy-football-api.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/).

## TODOS

1. Update CSV formats/exported files to support all requested data points (requires client testing).

    ~~Exporting to CSV or other useful format~~

    ~~Optimal roster score using historical lineups~~

    ~~Total roster score including bench using historical lineups~~

    ~~Remove API server portion and make command line utility (CLI) instead~~

## Current Abilities

1. Pull histories by league/season combinations and store into seasons.json output
2. Merge team data from the same week into matchup results
3. Calculate optimal points and lineups in each matchup
4. Calculate total roster points (including bench)
5. Load from pre-existing seasons.json file
6. Export summary.csv and individual matchup csv files in `export/{LEAGUE_ID}/{SEASON}` directory in the format `matchup-{#}-week-{#}_{HOME_TEAM_ID}-vs-{AWAY_TEAM_ID}`.

## How to Use

1. Download the contents of this repository into a directory of your choosing.
2. Copy the `.env-template` file and rename it to `.env` in the root directory (where `index.js` is).
3. Inside `.env`, update the `espnS2` value to match the cookie of the same name when you're logged in at ESPN.com. Do the same for the `SWID`.
4. Make sure you have [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and NPM installed on your machine.
5. In a command prompt (terminal) window, navigate to the directory with the contents of this repository (ex. `cd C:/my/folder/with/this/repository`). Run `npm install` in this directory.
6. Once all of the dependencies finish installing, you can run `node index` to start the program. You can type `help` at any time to list all available commands.
